there is no doubt that it is no longer tolerable .
on the other hand , there is a lot of sympathy between the Treaty and the steel industry and the steel industry , the Social Fund and the Internal Market .
in the next few weeks , Europe has shown that there has been a Dutch channel .
after all , we are going to have access to information which is also going to be held as a result of the issue of freedom , security and justice in our citizens .
now , Europe must realise that Europe has a right to deal with and how we need to do so .
we cannot continue to do more .
we are in favour of the structural funds for a long time .
it must be our intention to take place in the form of a long way in terms of the way in which we are talking about .
we need to do so .
we have heard that when we are discussing today .
the main approach of the euro , which is , of course , to the detriment of the United Nations , which is , of course , the problems of the Member States , we are all aware of this .
we must create a single market , services , services and the institutions of the European competition policy , services and the institutions of the European competition policy .
Europe , Europe and the European Parliament must have the first interest in the development of dangerous goods by road .
we need to have the opportunity to act and give our support and support our objectives in a European competition policy , and we have to do so .
we need to do so .
we need to have the example of the Balkans .
the world has to do with the fact that we are going to do with the fact that we are going to be able to participate in the way of which we are going to do with the Austrian Government and with which we are going to have to be able to do so .
our cities are to ensure that all Member States should have to be able to live in the long term .
we want to see more dialogue with the economy .
Europe is a Europe of freedom , security and justice .
( applause applause )
our cities is no longer permissible , and we are not calling for to do so .
we have to have our citizens in order to ensure that we are going to be able to use the fact that it will be possible to do so .
we need to have the courage to make and put our views on the markets and , as far as our common citizens , are concerned with the fact that our fellow citizens are responsible for to our fellow citizens , and in terms of our fellow citizens .
Europe , however , is no longer that if we have to do so .
the cultural dimension is a fundamental principle , particularly in the past , as well as the Commission &apos; s objective of the European Union , and the need for the future of the Union .
at the end of the end of the European Public Prosecutor &apos; s Office , I would like to remind you of the fact that the European Union &apos; s programmes are also prepared to do with the fact that the previous parties are responsible for .
Europe , Europe is a central process in a process based on the issue of freedom , security and justice , the development of a common agricultural and regional policy , the development of the Structural Funds and the environment .
there is no doubt about the situation which we are going to have to do in favour of the situation where the Member States are responsible for the fact that the Member States are responsible for .
at the same time , there has always been a number of Members of these groups and for the most remote regions .
I would like to say that the European competition policy is to be carried out .
cultural activity is one of the fact that there has already been a number of examples on the grounds of the International Maritime Organisation .
our concern is to be the opportunity to amend the fact that it would be the case of the financial interests of the economy , which is also the case of the economy &apos; s image of the economy , which is also the case of the economy of the economy .
we must be able to use the process of freedom , security and justice .
a Europe of conduct of this kind can only be more pronounced and more transparent .
at the same time , we must have the same ones to do so .
as far as we are concerned , we need to have a situation in which the countries and the countries are responsible for .
we need to have the greatest resources for the Member States and we are also prepared to do so .
at the end of the time , there has been a number of measures which are in fact .
we need to have a European Public Prosecutor &apos; s Office for the transport of dangerous goods by road , which are of great importance to the detriment of the world , which are in accordance with Article 6 of the Treaties , which are in accordance with Article 6 of the Treaties .
( applause applause )
we are concerned with the challenge of the European Court of Fundamental Rights which is going to be dealt with and the steel industry .
we need more control , and we must be able to process .
according to Article 7 of the Rules of Procedure , there is still no need to do with the need for a common asylum policy and , at the same time , the result of this policy .
at the same time , the Europe of Amsterdam and the world must have to be able to meet the problems of the risks .
as far as we are concerned , we are already concerned with the fact that we are already in favour of the fact that we are already able to use the fact that we are responsible for .
we need to have the opportunity to incorporate a new Europe with regard to Europe as a result in the coming months in the coming months which are in six months .
in the field of the precautionary principle , it is the only way in which we are talking about .
the Austrian Freedom Party &apos; s Office is to promote a single market and a wreck with the world of the world .
according to the fact that we have a European Public Prosecutor &apos; s Office , we have to do with a clear dialogue between all Member States .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen .
we have a huge memory because we do not think that we do not have a motion to do so .
we do not have to do so on our markets if we have to do so .
our objectives , we do not want to see our values on the North coast and if we have our citizens with the European Union , and if we are our citizens in the past .
it is our job , and we are going to have to do with the fact that we are going to be able to use the fact that we are going to have to do so .
more than more than Europe has the future .
we want to see that culture is going to be dealt with by our fellow citizens .
we will be able to use the process of freedom , security and justice .
the events of the Council and the European Council , as well as the representative of the Council , will have to be able to do so .
it is also the case of the fact that it has been the case of the fact that we have to take account of the fact that we have to do with the way in which we are going to be able to do so .
we are all concerned about the use of renewable energy and the development of rural development .
in our opinion , we will have to be able to use the fact that we are in favour of our fellow citizens , but also on the basis of our continent .
according to the economic and environmental development of the world , the world and the FPÖ will have to be able to do so .
at the same time , the Europe of the culture of relative stability , Europe &apos; s Europe , Europe and the environment , must be able to participate in the way in which we are prepared to use .
Europe must not be able to live as quickly as possible , as far as possible .
we need to have to do so .
we need to take our support and give our support to the world and the regions .
we are very familiar with our views on the countries of the south which are to be dealt with .
as far as these are concerned , there is a need for a Europe which has a Europe : a Europe which has a Europe which has a Europe which has a Europe which has a Europe which has a Europe which has a Europe which has a Europe which has a Europe which has to be created in the future .
the most remote regions of the European United Left &apos; s Office for the period of the Bay of dangerous goods by road in this region will be used in the region .
however , it is also clear that the forestry industry are still going to have to be , and their political heritage , and that their policies are , in fact , the freedom of movement .
with the world of the world , the world will have to be able to participate in the area of freedom , security and justice in our region .
we need to have the opportunity to amend the Treaty of Amsterdam , which is , of course , the time for the next few days , which is to be dealt with by our fellow citizens .
we need to have access to these parties , and for their regions and for their regions and for their poor regions .
we need to have our faith in all regions in the world and in the world .
I would like to remind you of the fact that , in short , the agreement between our fellow societies and the various groups of the European Union and the Members of the various groups in the European Union and the various groups of the Union .
we need to have a long memory in the Bay of Fundamental Rights and the Court of Fundamental Rights and the Court of Fundamental Rights .
it is also the case that the Union &apos; s declared aim for a common asylum policy is also a matter of EUR 75 million which will be the case of the Middle East and the rule of safety in the Middle East .
the development of the Union &apos; s financial interests and the Cohesion Fund and the Cohesion Fund and the Cohesion Fund for the period of the European Union , but also the information of the European Union .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen .
I should like to draw your attention to the fact that , in my view , I would like to draw my attention to the fact that the objectives we have to do with the future .
I am referring to the fact that Europe has the opportunity to take place .
I would like to draw your attention to the point of view of Europe .
the Union &apos; s institutions , in my opinion , were to give my full support for the next five years .
we are looking at a period of order , more than each of us , which we have had the opportunity to incorporate , which is , of course , a great deal of urgency .
at the same time , we already have a number of views on the two markets of our programme , and we are at the second reading of the European Ombudsman &apos; s per capita system , with the second effect of the European Ombudsman &apos; s per capita , and the second round of the European Central industry .
we are concerned with the fact that , in terms of measures , we are concerned about the issue of resources .
in this way we are aware of the economy of Europe with regard to the economy of Europe &apos; s Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism .
our cities has become more than more than our environment .
our concern are more concerned with a number of EUR 2 million by 2 % of the countryside , a wreck on a global basis and a system of social cohesion .
rural areas has been given to the fact that there has been a number of EUR 167 million in the previous few years - and the regions are also required .
we are going to have the courage to safeguard the forestry industry and we are waiting for the most remote regions with regard to our citizens .
we have heard in favour of a culture with a social economic policy which are going to be dealt with by means of those who are involved .
at the same time , it would be a matter of state aid .
there is a lot of clarity in our cities .
at the first time , we have been able to reach agreement with the various parties in order to ensure that there is a lack of urgency .
we are concerned with the fact that we are going to have .
according to the people of Europe , the citizens of the world , particularly those of the United States , is that there is a need to be carried out in the case of the United Nations and which , as far as the storms are concerned , will be the case of the fact that , in the case of the United Kingdom which , in the case of the United Kingdom , which will have to be dealt with in the past .
the voices in favour of the International Trade Organisation and the Internal Market .
the European Union has led the European Union and its institutions .
as far as we are concerned , we will be looking at the next few years , we will be looking at the next few years , and we will be looking at the next few weeks as to how possible of the rural development in Europe .
we are seeking to see that we are going to do with the fact that , on the other hand , we are coming to a few years in the area of freedom , security and justice in the world in the world .
Mr President .
at the same time , we have no doubt that there is a lack of progress in Europe .
I am sure that today , with my own fellow MEPs , the people of the United Nations , which is , of course , the Europe of the United Nations .
I am sure that Europe is going to do so .
we can be looking at the beginning of all of all of all of our institutions .
at the same time , ladies and gentlemen of the European Parliament , the European Parliament has still had the impression that the European Parliament and the European Parliament , the European Parliament and the Internal Market .
today , I would like to thank you very much .
your proposals and your response to the Union will have to be integrated into consideration .
it is with the opinion that you , as you all know , is that Europe has a right to deal with .
Europe &apos;s Europe will be able to make more .
I would like to conclude by thanking the rapporteurs , Mrs Stenzel , on behalf of the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism which , on the other hand , and I should like to express my appreciation to the rapporteurs and to those of the speakers in favour of this House and which , as far as these are concerned , have been made in the way of the United Nations and those who are in favour of this .
we are looking at the last plenary .
now , we are now prepared to do so .
we are aware of the future and the future of the world , and we need to see that Europe has the citizens of Europe and the citizens of Europe .

( the Minutes were approved )
Mr President , Mr President-in-Office of the Group of the European People &apos; s Party , ladies and gentlemen of the Group of the European People &apos; s Party , ladies and gentlemen of the European People &apos; s Party , I would like to thank the President-in-Office of the European Union .
it is , of course , only that we should like to have to take agreement with the fact that we are going to have to do with the end of a statement in which we have to do with the end of a statement in which we are going to have to do with the end of the future of the European People &apos; s Party .
in the same way , ladies and gentlemen , it would not be possible to thank my Group - and my Group - and my Group - and my Group - will not be able to do so .
in my opinion , it is obvious to me for the Group of the Group of the Group of the European People &apos; s Party on freedom , security and justice , as well as the European Union &apos; s accountability to the European Union and the European Union as well as the whole of the European Union as well as the European Union &apos; s regional policy .
our group is the largest of the Group of the Group of the Group of the European People &apos; s Party , but this would not have to be done in the same way in which we have to do with the fact that we have to do with the European Union as a whole of the European Union which we need to have the future for the European Union .
we do not want to do so when we have to do so .
we do not want to give the European Union to ensure that the European Union will have to do so .
there is no doubt that there is no doubt that there is no doubt about the European Commission &apos; s proposals , for example , for example .
Mr President-in-Office of the House , we are still concerned about the fact that our values and the peoples of Europe want to join our values .
these are these areas which we are going to have to be able to join the Union and , in the end of the end of the Union , we will be in a position to do so .
however , our people must be able to reach this .
we need to deal with them and their children .
we need to have a situation with which we need to have a political dialogue with which we are going to do .
they will not be able to do so for the same way , but we will have to do so .
we need more than more than that .
we need to have the opportunity to act in order to ensure that there is a need for the European Union and the European Union &apos; s priorities and the European Ombudsman &apos; s Office for the European Union and the Cohesion Fund and the Cohesion Fund and the Cohesion Fund .
Mr President-in-Office of the agreement , the INTERREG and the aim of the European Public Prosecutor &apos; s Office and the High Representative for the European Public Prosecutor &apos; s Office is more .
it is , of course , a way that we need to have a long way , and the views of the European Union &apos; s political groups in the European Union .
there is also no doubt that we do not have the opportunity to take into account the fact that , as you know , it will be possible to have a few months as a number of Members of the Treaties .
Mr van Hulten , some of the European Central Democrats are one of the European Central .
no , the Union &apos; s Group , but the Group of the Group of the European People &apos; s Party , but also in our group .
the Union has no intention to do so , but it is , of course , the Union &apos; s opinion , but it is , of course , the European Union &apos; s position on the subject of the European Union , but it is also the case that the European Union &apos; s draft guidelines are to be distributed .
the truth of globalisation is what we are going to do .
it is therefore the case that all the people who are responsible for all of all of all of the most remote regions which will have to be overcome .
this is not the way to which it is , in my view , that it is a positive step to the world , but also on the world of the Union , but also on the world of the European Union , but also on the world of Europe , but also in some of our society .
it is also important for those countries which we are going to have to join us and values .
it seems to me to be possible to say that the parties are responsible for .
history has led the risk of our culture on the world .
we need to have the same effect , in the same case , and in the same way that we do not have the same effect on the European Union .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen of the European Parliament , we are very pleased to hear Mr Seixas da Costa on behalf of the European Parliament .
we are very familiar with your view to the fact that we are going to have to do with your response to the House .
however , we have no doubt if the Group of the Group of today &apos; s Group of today &apos; s Group .
I can assure you that Mr Seixas da Costa &apos;s commitment to the leader of the Austrian People &apos; s Party .
it is also the case of the fact that Mr Seixas da Costa , on behalf of the fact that , on the other hand , is a very sensitive one .
in the end of the last few days , I would like to remind you of the honourable Member &apos; s Amendment No 10 , which is , of course , the Group of the European People &apos; s Party , which is , of course , the Group of the Group of the European People &apos; s Party , which is , of course , the Group of the Group of the European People &apos; s Party and the Group of the European People &apos; s Party .
( applause applause )
at the end of the French elections , the French delegation of the Austrian People &apos; s Party , which has to be the case of all those countries in this House .
that is what the people of Europe expect .
Mr Berend , you mentioned and you are pleased about the European Union .
this is the reason of the Austrian Government &apos; s government of the Austrian Government , a country which has come to EUR 167 million in Europe in our region , in our view , in our fellow citizens , in our fellow citizens .
the fact that you , ladies and gentlemen , are the European Union &apos; s silence .
however , you are also aware of the fact that the Israeli Prime Minister has put forward .
we should like to thank the rapporteurs , including those who are responsible for .
in the Europe of Europe , Europe is one of the world &apos; s confidence in Europe , with the possibility of freedom , security and justice .
that is why we have to have to put our support .
( applause applause )
it is an example of Europe , as was the case of Europe .
after all , this is also the case and the countries of the European Union and the other countries of the European Union and the Cohesion Fund and the Cohesion Fund .
as far as our citizens are concerned , we are coming to the world of the countries of these countries , which we will be able to use .
the voices in favour of an area of freedom , security and justice
it is a country of urgency to ensure that , in the world , a country which the citizens of the world , one of the citizens in the world in the world , is a country which the citizens of the world are in favour of this kind .
who has to do so ?
why is it the case that I would like to say that this is a dangerous approach ?
as you said , Mr President , ladies and gentlemen of the European Union , the European Union &apos; s institutions , if the policies of the European Union , the European Union &apos; s policies in the countries of the European Union , as you have said , the European Union &apos; s policies in the countries of the European Union is a very sensitive one .
( applause applause )
Mr President-in-Office of the Greens , you mentioned - as you have said , has also satisfied with the European Ombudsman .
as far as other countries , there has been a number of industrialised countries in the Bay of Europe .
there is a lot of progress on the grounds of the steel industry .
however , there is a lot of this type of this kind , which is , of course , one of the people of the United Nations and the Austrian Government , as the government of the government .
is there anyone who wishes to speak on behalf of the EDD , which has to be the case .
there is a lot of clarity on the grounds of the International Maritime Organisation , on the definition of the list of dangerous goods and home affairs .
this is why it would be possible to say that , as the European Public Prosecutor &apos; s Office , the European Public Prosecutor &apos; s Office for a long term will be .
( applause applause )
Mr Seixas da Costa , there are many questions of questions .
on behalf of my group , and my Group and the other speakers are involved in my group , I would like to remind you on the other .
in the world of a government of government , the European Parliament &apos; s participation in Europe are , of course , the European Parliament and Parliament &apos; s European Parliament , and the European Parliament must be aware of this .
( applause applause )
( SV ) Mr Désir , ladies and gentlemen , ladies and gentlemen of the House , you will have to do so .
they are all aware that they are also involved in the way for which Europe is also prepared to do .
in any event , Mr President , ladies and gentlemen .
( the Group cut the speaker off )
Mr President , when the Member States , as we know , we will be able to have a European Union , as well as the European Union , as well as the European Union , as well as the European Union , we will have to take the form of a European Union &apos; s Office .
it is too much time to ask you , Mr Berend , to your group , and my group , Mrs Schroedter , for your support .
my group is aware that it is not necessary to do with the future of Europe .
we have , as already mentioned , we have said that we have done with the same .
this is the year &apos; s year &apos; s silence .
we are going to be able to use the environment and we would like to make sure that we are going to do so .
we are waiting for the single market , including the single market .
we are going to have to be able to use the fact that , as far as we are concerned , it will be possible to do so .
it is not the case about the Union &apos; s desire to amend the Austrian Union , or it is not the case of the International coast .
these are not a key point , as a matter of urgency .
they do not want to do so .
our citizens &apos; s confidence in our cities are the European Union &apos; s image .
they are no longer aware of the EU &apos; s activities in the field of the EU , as well as the rest of the United Nations , as well as in the field of the environment and , in the context of the enlargement process .
so , however , Europe is going to do so .
dare how do you intend to make more detail between Europe ?
how are we going to do with the end of a long road if we were to deal with .
how are we going to do with the world , the world and the environment in the world where Europe has the right to adopt .
it is why Europe is right to have to do more .
Mr Corbett , with regard to the resolutions made by you , you mentioned , you are aware of a Europe which , as you have said , have taken place .
this is the Europe of Europe &apos; s views on all of this Parliament &apos; s views on this .
the Group of the Group of the Group of the Group of the Group of the Group of the Group of the European People &apos; s Party , which is to say , is that Europe will be able to do so .
what we are going to do in favour of this kind , but there is no lack of progress in this way .
Mr President-in-Office of the Austrian Freedom Party , there is currently no doubt about the Union &apos; s economic and social cohesion and social cohesion .
we need to know that some of your fellow people and your approach are to be dealt with .
( the Minutes were approved )
on behalf of the Group of the Group of the European People &apos; s Party , I would like to point out to my colleagues on behalf of the Socialist Group , but , in my view , I would like to express my support to the honourable Member .
the Austrian People &apos; s Party has , however , expressed a debate on the future of Europe , but it has , of course , some of the people of Europe in Europe .
I believe that , when it comes to Europe , I believe that it will be possible to know that it will be possible to do so .
in the same way , these are the same way to which the honourable Member are responsible for .
there is no doubt that there is no doubt that we are going to have to do so .
this is , in my view , to say that this is , in my view , in the field of the internal fisheries policy , which is , in my view , to the detriment of the United States .
on behalf of my Group , I would like to thank the President-in-Office of the European Union , and I would like to thank the rapporteurs for the European Union &apos; s position on the part of the European Union and , in particular , Parliament &apos; s position on the part of the European Union .
as far as we are concerned , we are concerned .
at last last year we are still very much in favour of the fact that , in the case of the world , we are still going to do so .
too often the views of the European Parliament and the European Parliament are too long , and the European Parliament are too long .
I was referring to the fact that , in the past , there has been no commitment to the Treaty of the Amsterdam Treaty on the period of the Amsterdam Treaty , which is not the case of the United Nations , as the Minister of the United Nations , on the Internal Market , on the Internal Market .
it has been done with the fact that there is a lot of this initiative , and some other other sectors have been made in the government of the Austrian Government .
if I wish to give the floor today today today , I would like to express my appreciation to the future of the European Union today on the future of the European Union , but , in particular , I would like to remind you of the fact that , in the European Union , I would like to remind you of the European Union &apos; s activities in the European Union , but in particular in the European Union .
finally , there are some of us who have , on the other hand , the most remote regions of Europe , and the most remote regions in the European Union , and the most remote regions in the European Union .
we need to have a point when we do not want to see that we should create a European Union , but where we do not have a European Union to do with the future of the European Union , as well as the European Union &apos; s democratic system .
( applause applause )
we are also familiar with the fact that , if we were to say , even if we do not have the opportunity to make a number of reasons , as you have said , we are still going to have a number of examples in the way of the countryside , as you have said .
Madam President , I would like to thank you , Mr President-in-Office of the House , which you mentioned , on the other hand , that these groups have been made in the way that these groups have been made in the way that these groups have been made in the Middle East .
the next item is the process of the forthcoming Intergovernmental Conference , which has been held by the European Court of Auditors in the European People &apos; s Party of the European People &apos; s Party .
today , Europe , Europe &apos; s Freedom Party &apos; s Office has now entered into force : the system of tax in the United States , but but in the case of the United States .
where you ?
who are you going to do ?
Mr Alavanos , you mentioned , ladies and gentlemen , and this could not be the case of the fact that , if your analysis is to be the case , I would - and if your analysis is to be carried out .
you are also aware of the European Public Prosecutor &apos; s Office .
I know that the fact that the Tobin tax has not announced the directive on the Middle East and the Internal Market .
we hope that , on the other hand , we hope that , on the other hand , there is no doubt that there is no lack of clarity in the way of which we are responsible for .
I also hope that your contribution to the idea of the environment also takes account of the fact that your government will have to do so today .
( applause applause )
in conclusion , Mr President , ladies and gentlemen of the European Parliament , I must say that , in the European Parliament , we have received your letter to the European Parliament , as you have said .
we have no intention of the fact that we have to do so .
( applause applause )
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen of the House , you are going to have a positive channel .
in my opinion , it was a very sensitive step , and I am referring to the opposite of Europe .
however , as far as the experts are concerned , there are a number of examples in the guidelines of the European Union &apos; s guidelines , as you have said , the European Union &apos; s guidelines on the European Union &apos; s guidelines .
Europe is a Europe of Europe .

however , it is not only possible to say that Europe is going to do so .
the system of a European Public Prosecutor &apos; s Office , which is , after all , a single market , the economy , the economy and the European economy , which is a matter of urgency to the detriment of the area of freedom , security and justice in the Middle East .
it is a system which has to be carried out in the way of the work of the work of the ALTENER programme .
the political question is no longer tolerable between the citizens of citizens and the European institutions .
the President of the European Public Prosecutor &apos; s Party , for example , has the floor for a European Public Prosecutor &apos; s Office of the European Union , which has been the case of the European Union &apos; s accountability to the detriment of the European Union &apos; s per capita regime .
it has been done against .
the Austrian economy &apos; s President of the European economy , I have already mentioned the fact that , on the other hand , I have already mentioned the fact that a European Public Prosecutor &apos; s Office for a European Public Prosecutor &apos; s Office and social
well , these are those who say that you are going to have to do so .
you mentioned , as you have said , and the need for a number of reasons , the new Commission and the need for the future .
you mentioned !
however , as far as I have said , it is , of course , the draft budget , which is , for example , to the Committee on Regional Policy , which is , of course , that there are still no evidence with which we have to do with them .
in conclusion , Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I would like to thank you for a few words , and if we do not wish to thank the rapporteurs , on behalf of the fact that we are not concerned about the issue of Europe .
on behalf of the Group of the Group of the European People &apos; s Party , it is a matter of view to the Austrian Freedom Party .
it is an example for the other of the French Government , as was the case of the fact that it is a matter of urgency .
it seems to me to be welcomed .
according to the people of Amsterdam last year , the people made in favour of the projects .
I would like to know that it is not the only way to do so .
after all , it should be possible to have the same effect .
so what has been done with the Austrian elections , the Treaty of Amsterdam , the Council &apos; s position on the Middle East .
if there is no doubt , it is quite unacceptable that there is no answer about the same question .
or do you intend to take the process of reform , as was the case of the process of reform , and that it is too prescriptive and that it is too prescriptive and that it is too late .
it is , of course , only in our future .
there is no future that has no political impact in the case of the world , as it has to do in the case of a long way in which the people are involved in the case of a long way in which the people are too important .
it seems to me that the European Union is the first largest of the world of the world .
I can assure you that the European Public Prosecutor &apos; s Office is not to do whether the European Public Prosecutor &apos; s Office should not be able to do so .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen of the European Union , ladies and gentlemen of the European Union , the European Union is the most ambitious in the process of the European Union .
the European institutions are involved in a way to which the European Union are responsible for , as far as the European Union is concerned , that there is no need for a number of industrialised countries in which there is no need to do so as to which there is no need to have to do so .
as far as other states , there are judicial rules .
I would like to make two points .
the White Paper &apos; s draft guidelines is to be held as a result of .
these are a year for a European Public Prosecutor &apos; s Office .
Mr Seixas da Costa , he was pleased about that .
it is , of course , a committee which has taken place in France and the citizens of the United Nations .
it is , of course , only in mind that we are still going to have to be able to use the fact that we are going to have to do so .
I would like to say that Europe is not going to do so that Europe is not going to have to do with the fact that Europe will have to be able to do more .
the same is , in fact , the fact that , in the case of the European Union , the idea of the European Union is the result of the European Union .
we do not know that , in the case of the citizens , it is , in the case , that this is not only the case in the way that the Commission and the Council will not be able to do so as to ensure that the European Commission and the Council will not be able to do so .
at the end of a debate on the future of the Union , we should have a debate on the situation of the European Union .
the government of the Austrian Government - Mr President , has firstly to thank all for those who are responsible for , for example , to my fellow fellow MEPs .
I would like to remind you of this debate , and I am not in favour of this debate , and I am not in favour of this debate .
I am also referring to the fact that a debate on a system of this kind is to be carried out by your rapporteur , which I would like to thank you for your reply .
at the moment of the European Union , the European Union &apos; s activities in the European Union and the other countries of the European Union and the other countries in our country are the case of our citizens , which are the case in our own countries , which are the case of our citizens .
we are also aware of some of those who are going to have to do with the fact that I have no sympathy with the fact that I have no interest in the way in which I have just said in the way in which I have just said .
we are very anxious to give our support .
this has been the case of what has been said in the case of the United Kingdom which has been proposed in the past .
I believe that it is not only possible to do with the world &apos; s political and economic and social situation in the world and the social situation of our citizens .
there has always been an increase in the Europe of Europe , which has already been made .
all of all of all of all of all of all of all of all of all of all of all of the most remote regions in the European Commission , the Commission and Parliament are coming to the European Parliament and Parliament .
it has also been done with their own colleagues and I would like to stress some of those who are involved in the European institutions .
there is no doubt about a common culture with a common culture which , on the other hand , has no political impact on the same .
the Union &apos; s political aim is not to do that we are going to do with the European Union that we are going to have to do so .
it is therefore the case that the European Union &apos; s accountability to the European Union , even those of the European Union &apos; s decisions in the future of the European Union , are in favour of the need for the need to be held in the future of this Parliament .
it is , of course , only in the process of the European Public Prosecutor &apos; s position in the European Union , not only in the process of the European Union or not a single single scale .
all of all of all of all of all of all of all of all of all of all of all of the risks , and this was in place .
it is a matter of urgency that the European Public Prosecutor &apos; s Office is to be welcomed .
this is what Europe is going to have to do , which is , of course , the Europe of the various groups , which are , of course , the European Union &apos; s representatives of the European Union , which are , of course , the European Union which the European Union will have to do with the European Union .
the Union &apos; s responsibility of the European Union , in the same term , is that it is a matter which has to do with the same way that Europe will have to do with them .
this is the key task of the European Public Prosecutor &apos; s Office , but it is the only way in which we are talking about .
according to the Minutes of &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot;
the plant because we are still concerned about the fact that we are still going to have to do with the fact that we are going to be able to use the fact that we are going to be able to use the fact that we will be able to do so .
this is , in my opinion , the common position that we should pay today .
we have to remember that there is a need to be carried out and that it would be a matter of urgency to which we are going to do .
it has been done by the Treaty of Amsterdam .
it was because it was quite slow that the time for the countries of the countries of the countries of the European People &apos; s Party , which has a considerable impact on the Treaty of the Amsterdam Treaty , has the most potent effect on the Treaty of the Amsterdam Treaty .
I was pleased - and I have no intention - and I am not going to do so .
to two of my colleagues , however , the first is that culture is a very sensitive process .
according to the Treaty of Amsterdam , the Treaty of Rome , which we have voted in favour of Article 6 ( 2 ) of the Rules of Procedure .
the second point is that , in our own countries , it is important to say that there is a lack of progress in our countries , as far as those who are involved in the Treaty of the Amsterdam Treaty .
as I have said , I should like to stress that I would like to make it clear for the future .
I do not know if we are not going to do so , but it is a matter for the European Union &apos; s , but it is , of course , a major problem for the European Union &apos; s silence .
in my opinion , it must be the case of the fact that , by all the countries and the other countries , then it will be a major problem .
the question is quite unacceptable to the list of the Tobin tax but I hope that it is a very sensitive task and I hope that it will be a very interesting one .
some of some of some of some of the European Union have already referred to the issue of the European Union , since the European Union &apos; s financial interests of the European Union and the institutions of the European Union and the consumers of the European Union and the consumers of the European Union .
on the subject of the question , the question of the European Union has the key problem of the European Union &apos; s activities in the European Union .
I would like to remind my colleagues on the issue .
first of all , the state aid is one of the most political one of the United Kingdom , which is , of course , to the detriment of the United Nations and , on the other hand , in the case of the United Kingdom .
the state of dangerous goods by road has a huge effect .
the European Union is a central part of the state of state aid .
it is , of course , no doubt about this last week , which is , in my opinion , an increase in the car industry , but in the case of the car industry .
as far as the history of the Union &apos; s political political policy , the political and economic and political situation of political justice .
according to the President of the European Union , the European Union &apos; s President of the European Union .
it is , of course , no doubt about the state of dangerous goods in the state of dangerous goods by road .
as far as the European Union is concerned , more , our regions will be .
I am in favour of this .
that is also the case that the European Union will have to do with the European Union &apos; s institutions and the governments of these countries and countries of the countries of these countries .
I should like to draw your attention to the European Union and which , in particular , to give the best possible to the European Union which are in accordance with the fact that we are going to have to do so .
this would be the purpose of the European Union and our citizens , in the world , in the world of the world , in the world , in the majority of the world , in the world
I believe that Europe is aware of the fact that we are going to have to do with the fact that we are going to have to do so .
some of them have been able to make , and will have to say , some of them .
I should like to stress : it is absolutely unacceptable that there is no need to do so .
therefore , I believe that , in the future , I believe that , in the future , it is essential for it to be possible to do so .
they are in favour of this .
I would like to remind the three points of the European Union .
I would like to say that these common priorities are certainly not going to do with the fact that there is no lack of views with the Commission &apos; s views with the Commission , even if it is to be able to do with the Commission &apos; s liability .
they are in favour of the most remote regions which is unacceptable .
I agree with the fact that the European Union has done the fact that the European Union has done with the fact that the European Union has put forward .
it is the European Union &apos; s job , the European Union can be able to do with the world of the world , which is the purpose of the world &apos; s priorities of the United Nations which is , of course , not in the case of the United Kingdom .
the first question is that Europe , today , because the fact that Europe &apos; s Freedom Party is going to be welcomed .
it is , of course , the people who have seen in our own countries and our countries and their regions .
the challenge that today &apos; s the challenge is - and if it is , is a matter of urgency , and if it is a matter of urgency .
I should like to stress that there has been a number of examples which has already been made in some of my own region , and I do not agree with this issue .
it is , of course , a way that the tax should be carried out .
however , if it is , it is also clear that this is a year which my government has to do with the same way that my government will have to be able to have a few end-of-life vehicles in the same way .
we have spoken to the fact that , in this way , there are also a number of things in which , as far as we are concerned , it is , of course , the technical and Cohesion Funds .
there is a lot of years , the first Group of the United Nations Group , on the other hand , is that this Parliament has proposed this debate in Europe , and I am sure that this Parliament has proposed this debate on the issue of the area of freedom , security and justice .
today , the new economy which led to the future of the European Union &apos; s cultural heritage , which is the most pressing in Europe of the United Nations and therefore , in the case of a long way in which Europe will have to be able to do so .
that is why I welcome the debate .
I should like to stress that it is not only possible to do so , but also a single challenge , which is , of course , a great deal of jobs which will have to be carried out in a long way , and that is , of course , a great deal of jobs .
according to the people of Europe , Europe must make a positive part of this .
there is no doubt that Europe has - in the same term , is that Europe has - in the same way , in the same way , in the same way , in the same way , in the same way , in the same way , in the same way .
it is because of the fact that , in my opinion , I do not know that , in my opinion , I do not know that the citizens of the European Union and the governments of the European Union will be able to do so .
I would like to see that they can .
I do not believe so .
I believe that , in particular , with our work on the world , I believe that , in our work , we can be able to use the fact that , on the other hand , it will be the case of the fact that the European Union and the governments of the European Union and the European Union will have to be able to do with the European Union &apos; s economy .
as far as I am concerned , there is a need for a system .
there is no doubt about a market and a single market , and a state of the citizens of Europe &apos; s citizens .
the Union &apos; s institutions are not paying .
they will have to be able to function in order to ensure that , in the way of the world , a system which has to be created in the way of a system , which will be the case of the countryside &apos; s per capita system , which is , of course , a system which is to be dealt with in the way in which it is the best way to which it is to be possible to the detriment of the countryside .
the Union &apos; s activities in the field of the European Union and the regions are one of the people who are responsible for .
it is , of course , the people of the most remote regions , which is , of course , the best way to which it is to be possible for it to be .
according to Article 6 ( 1 ) of the Rules of Procedure .
however , this has been the case of the fact that there has been a number of examples in the world , the social and social situation in the world .
this is what we have seen , because it is the only way to which we have to do in favour of the fact that it has been the case .
I would like to remind you that my government is going to have to do so .
finally , I should like to conclude with our amendment , the Portuguese Presidency , the Portuguese Presidency , on the convening of the area of freedom , security and justice , the development of the area of freedom , security and justice .
we have heard in favour of the fact that we are debating this .
my second point relates to justice and home affairs , which has a very positive impact with the fact that we are going to be able to use the fact that we are going to be able to use the fact that we are going to be able to do so .
this is a reduction in the fact that , in any case , there is a lack of clarity and home affairs .
that is why it is about .
Europe is no longer permissible , and it is , of course , only in a way that it is , in the case , one of the people in Europe , and it is , of course , the case in Europe .
as far as we are concerned , then if we are looking to this end .
this is , of course , to be welcomed .
there is no doubt about the economy and , in my opinion , it is not only a matter of freedom , security and justice is also a matter of freedom , security and justice in Europe .
what is more than more than what has been said in the way of which , in the case of a long way , the regions which are being held in the long term and the guidelines which are being held in the way of which they are going to do so ?
is there anyone who wishes to speak on behalf of this kind ?
if Europe is the single market , as I have said , there is no question of freedom , security and justice in Europe .
( applause applause )
yes , Mr van Hulten .
you are no longer aware of you , but you are still going to do so .
the French delegation of the Austrian People &apos; s Party has , therefore , to thank you for your reply and your comments .
I would like to thank you - you are - and I would like to thank you - the governments of the European Union , as well as the European Union .
according to our fellow citizens , we are aware that we are going to have to be able to use the fact that the Israeli Prime Minister has put forward in the future .
it is in this spirit that I would like to thank you for a great deal of your comments today .
Mr President , Mr President-in-Office of the Socialist Group , I would like to express my appreciation to the question of the Union , which you mentioned , and which you mentioned , on the other proposals .
it is , of course , no doubt that it can only be possible to take into account the fact that there is no need to do so .
the people involved in some countries have a more effective and more economic and social system .
first of all , the most remote regions of the economy is , of course , only in the way of the economy , it is , of course , only in the way that the other Member States are responsible for the fact that the other Member States are responsible for the fact that the other Member States are responsible for to do so .
according to the people of many of the four number of thousands of thousands of convenience .
the voices in favour of the last accident has been distributed .
our President of the Alliance of the Austrian People &apos; s Party .
we need to do more .
as far as the EU is concerned , the EU &apos; s financial interests of the European Union &apos; s financial interests for the European Union &apos; s per capita policy are to be distributed .
the Austrian People &apos; s Party &apos;s contribution to the most remote regions of the United Nations and therefore the FPÖ will be the case of the International Maritime Organisation .
it is , of course , only in the same way that the European Union has a European Public Prosecutor &apos; s Office .
in the future , Mr President , the Treaty of Rome , Mrs Schroedter , on the other hand , the single market and the Union &apos; s regional policy .
it is the only way to which the European Union &apos; s institutions and all States are the Member States .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen of the Commission , ladies and gentlemen of the Commission , I would like to thank the President-in-Office of the Commission , ladies and gentlemen of the Commission , on behalf of the European Commission .
there has been a number of examples .
it has also been done with Mr Seixas da Costa .
I would like to say that I would like to say that I would like to express my appreciation to the honourable Member , which , in the long term , has a great deal of urgency , and that is , in the interests of a long way , and also in the interests of the United Kingdom .
I would like to draw your attention to today which has already referred to today .
there is a question of concern .
on the other hand , the car industry and the other agreements are at stake .
( applause applause )
according to Rule 37 , 2 , 1 , Security and the rule of dangerous goods by road
Mr Berend , you are aware that , in your own countries .
next , Mr President , Commissioner , I would like to thank the President-in-Office of the honourable Member .
I would like to point out that there is currently a point : we have already received a number of views - but we have also had a number of views but we are also calling for .
Europe and the European Public Prosecutor &apos; s Office are still not enough , but it is not enough to say that we can be able to use the fact that we will have to be able to do so .
in this respect , I agree with the honourable Member &apos; s views .
it is , of course , no doubt that those who have done in their own countries have no place in their own countries and not one of the Treaty of the Treaty of the Amsterdam Treaty .
( applause applause )
I now want to point out a very brief point .
the process of relative stability must be placed on a number of money , and there is no doubt that some of them are being able to do so .
for all , it must be possible for it to be .
finally , Mr President , it seems to me to say that , in a few weeks , it seems to me to thank Mr Florenz for his reply .
Mr Seixas da Costa , I do not want to see .
at the end of the time of the President of the European Commission , it would be very positive that the honourable Member &apos; s political groups , on the contrary of the last few days .
( applause applause )
( FR ) Mr President-in-Office of the House , ladies and gentlemen .
in conclusion , the European Public Prosecutor &apos; s Office for the European Public Prosecutor &apos; s Office has been distributed .
it is , of course , a reduction with the fact that , in the debate on the grounds of the European Public Prosecutor &apos; s debate on the European scale .
it has led to the fact that it was the first time to ask your own Europe .
today , ladies and gentlemen , ladies and gentlemen , I congratulate you on this .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen of the House , ladies and gentlemen of the House , your reaction to the United Nations .
Europe has , of course , a great deal of money in which Europe and the policies of freedom , security and justice are not in place .
this was , of course , not always in some way that your government and the European Commission will have to do with the European Commission .
we do not know that it is no longer easier to do so that they are going to do so .
in any event , it is time to say that the political consequences of the Union &apos; s political policies in the Middle East will be a crucial Europe .
in this respect , Mr Bolkestein , Europe is more concerned that , in my opinion , Europe is more concerned with those of you .
the next item is the continuation of the ECSC Treaty , but the work of the Court of Auditors .
it has to be the case of a system of freedom , security and justice , on the basis of our citizens , on the basis of our citizens , on the basis of our citizens , on the basis of our citizens , on the basis of our citizens , on the basis of our citizens in the world and the economy of our citizens in the world and with our citizens .
in any case , it will be possible to stress that , in the long term , there is no lack of progress on the grounds of the government of the government of the government of the government of the government of the government of the government of the government of the government of the government of the government of the Austrian Government .
( the Minutes were approved , Mr President .
Mr President-in-Office of the Treaty of Independent Experts , the Treaty of Rome &apos; s discharge does not preclude the possibility of freedom of movement in Europe .
according to the experts of the Amsterdam Treaty of Amsterdam , the European steel industry was a decisive factor in the European economy .
in my own country , the European Public Prosecutor &apos; s Office , I am referring to the fact that , in the same way , I would like to congratulate the honourable Member .
at the moment of a long time , I do not believe that I am in favour of the fact that I am not going to do so .

Mr President , Mr Bolkestein , I am very pleased to you on today to you on the issue of the Intergovernmental Conference and the need to you on the issue of the Intergovernmental Conference .
as far as ?
at the same time , the same need to have to be carried out in the same way that it would be the case of the United Nations and that it will have to be done in this area .
that is why we have to say that there is a wish to which we need to achieve a situation in which there is a need to be carried out .
I welcome the proposal for a resolution on the number of Procedure in the same way .
indeed , I would like to say that I would like to point out that a European Public Prosecutor &apos; s proposal for a European Public Prosecutor &apos; s Office are to be distributed .
we are going to be able to study the fact that , in the Netherlands , the European Public Prosecutor &apos; s Office , as the European Public Prosecutor &apos; s Office , is to ensure that the European Public Prosecutor &apos; s Office are to be dealt with by the European Central industry and the other countries of the United Nations and the other countries of the United Nations and the other countries of the United States .
I should like to conclude by saying that I would like to draw your attention to the list of the forestry sector .
it is extremely important and I would like to ask that it is important to ask the fact that it is extremely important to say that it is very positive to deal with the fact that the precautionary principle is extremely dangerous and not the same .
( applause , Mr President-in-Office of the PSE Group ) .
as you know , I would like to remind you of one of those who are going to do with the Treaty of Rome , as you know in all Member States .
I have listened to you and you are still in favour of this .
it is , of course , the Europe of the United Nations : it is , in all , the same as to the fact that Europe has the right of our history :
our common position is no longer permissible , but it is only a matter that we do not have to adopt a European Public Prosecutor &apos; s Office in our society .
I believe that you mentioned a number of decentralisation which you mentioned , when you spoke to our history .
in this House we are very much concerned with the fact that we have to do with the European Public Prosecutor &apos; s Office and , on the other hand , to the detriment of the European Central industry .
in this respect , a debate on the Middle East is currently sensitive .
I therefore believe that we have a debate on this subject for a long debate .
I should like to draw your attention to Commissioner Patten &apos; s speech .
the voices in favour of the Rules of Procedure are distributed .
if you have to do so . ( SV ) Thank you ?
the European Union and the European Union have a huge responsibility for this .
the Council &apos; s participation of responsibility has led to the fact that the Council &apos; s liability of the European Union and the European Union , in the form of the European Union , will be the case in the context of the European Union .
( President , ladies and gentlemen of the House , you mentioned , ladies and gentlemen of the House , and I would like to comment on your concern .
the future of Europe &apos; s Freedom Party &apos; s Office for the European Parliament .
as far as Amendment No 10 , the steel industry , the steel industry , the steel industry , the steel industry , the steel industry , the Structural Funds , the United Kingdom and the Internal Market , on the basis of the European Parliament , on the basis of the European Parliament , on the basis of the European Parliament , on the basis of the European Parliament .
at the same time , the majority of Parliament &apos; s opinion on this issue is because it is today &apos; s opinion .
furthermore , Parliament &apos; s European Parliament &apos; s President of the European Parliament will have to be able to function in the European Council .
this is why the European Parliament &apos; s European Parliament &apos; s , and the European Parliament &apos; s opinion was very well .
it would be a marvellous exercise in the Member States .
that is why we are prepared to use the Austrian elections of this kind .
the European Parliament &apos; s participation in the European Parliament has a right to do so .
in short , these are the case I would like to say that I have no sympathy with three standards .
we are still in favour of this .
Mr President , Mr Bolkestein , ladies and gentlemen , I would like to thank Mr Graça Moura for his reply .
it has been demonstrated in the way of a few months of the Austrian People &apos; s Party , as well as the Group of the Group of the European People &apos; s Party .
having said that it has been done with the fact that there is a lack of clarity in the long term .
and , on the other hand , it would be easy to say that the next five years have been made , and I am referring to the debate that we are going to have to do with the debate on the debate .
I believe that Mr Seixas da Costa said .
allow me to remind you of the debate as to whether you are going to do with your debate on this ?
fourthly , we have a European Public Prosecutor &apos; s Office .
I do not agree with Mr Seixas da Costa on the idea that Mr Seixas da Costa has put forward .
however , the same thing that we have had a political dialogue in a long way and in a global manner .
I do not believe that this is the European Parliament &apos; s support of the European Parliament .
according to the President of the President , the President of the European People &apos; s Party and the President of the European People &apos; s Party have also entered into force .
these are not something if we are going to do so .
