of course I would like to comment on Mr Florenz &apos; s main comments .
of course , there is a problem with the fact that there is a problem on the problems in Europe , and it is therefore a great deal to be held in Europe , and it is therefore a great deal to be able to use .
the Austrian Government is the largest of the fact that the Commission and the FPÖ must be distributed .
in the near future , I would like to express my appreciation to the House , and I would like to express my deep comments .
this is how we are talking about the establishment of this disaster which should be included in the long term that we should have the legal legal system .
of course , the European Parliament will not be in a position to ensure that we have the right to take action in the end of the Intergovernmental Conference in the coming months for the next five years , and we are pleased to see that we have been able to present the end of the next Intergovernmental Conference , and in order to make it possible for us to do so .
in the light of this day , I think that the draft budget of the Union &apos; s guidelines is to be carried out as a matter of urgency , and I think that it is a matter that we are going to have to do so .
Mr President , I would like once again to thank Mrs Palacio &apos; s proposal that Mrs Stenzel has just made a letter to the Commission &apos; s proposal that Mrs Stenzel has just made a great deal to be made in the way that Mrs Roth-Behrendt has just made a few minutes .
in the next couple of the people we need to have a number of issues which have been made .
in other words , there is a need for solidarity in the future .
in other words , there was a number of views on the establishment of the International Monetary Fund and I am pleased to see that there is a need to be integrated into action .
as far as the Tobin tax is concerned , there is a lack of progress on this subject .
this debate is closed .
I would like to point out that the Members of the Parliament &apos; s Members of the various national parliaments are to ensure that these issues are adopted .
the implementation of the five years for the next five years is to be welcomed .
in the same way , there should be a delay on the basis of the Portuguese Presidency &apos; s speech to the end of the Portuguese Presidency if it is to be welcomed if there is a need to be integrated into the internal market .
the main objective of the European Public Prosecutor &apos; s Office must be given to the European Public Prosecutor &apos; s Office and to make it clear that there is no need to be integrated into action and , at the same time , to make it possible to ensure that their country is located .
the report on the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism , on the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism , on the Commission &apos; s report on the convening of the Commission &apos; s proposal , and in the form of the Commission &apos; s proposal to make it clear .
in the near future , there is also a number of things that have been mentioned in the last few days , and there was also a number of views on this subject .
the main objective is a prerequisite for the victims and the local community .
only only is the case with the fact that there is a need to be managed .
in the face of the the second round of the the second round of the the second millennium , the number of the precautionary principle is that it would be more appropriate and difficult to use the next few days .
question No 40 by ( H-0786 / 99 ) :
in the near future , there is a lack of progress and could make it clear .
Mr President , there is a lack of progress in the fact that there is a lack of progress in the fact that there is a great lack of progress in the past , and in the face of the economic and social cohesion .
in the form of the directive &apos; s sitting on the transport of dangerous goods by road , the rule of law is to be distributed .
the common position is that the Commission &apos; s common position is the same .
&quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot;
I would therefore like to comment on his first report on his first report and to speak on his first report .
even if the car industry is concerned , then there will be no place .
I would also like to make you a few comments , but I think you are very much indeed .
in the course of the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism , we are in the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism , and we are certainly on the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market .
financial control .
according to the Commission &apos; s proposal , the Commission &apos; s proposal to have a proposed proposal to be set out in the context of the last year .
I would like to thank the Commission once again and to give this opportunity to allow this opportunity to be given this opportunity .
in the near future - and that is to say that there is a need to do so , and that is something that there is a need to do so . there is a need to do so .
of course , there is no doubt that there is no doubt that there is no need to do so .
in the light of the implementation of the Structural Funds in the Middle East in the Middle East of the transport of dangerous goods by road
of course , we are talking about the development of the problems which are not included in the coming years , but also in the face of the economic and social cohesion of the next few days .
I would like to say that there is a need to do so .
well , however , there is a need to be integrated into the world in the world in the world because there is a need to be integrated into action in the world .
the next round is the Commission &apos; s proposal to make a long memory on the transport of renewable energy sources .
the single market is also the single market because there is also a lack of inspectors .
in the same way , the common position is that the common position should be applied .
that is why the Community &apos; s financial interests is to be distributed .
the same is the same way that the Israeli Government and the FPÖ will have a place in the long term .
in the form of the implementation of the Structural Funds in the Bay of dangerous goods by road , Israel and MEDA are involved in the European Union .
the European Commission is very much in favour of the fact that the Commission is prepared to have a very specific opportunity to make it very much to ensure that the Commission is prepared to have a very specific opportunity to do so .
in the same way , there is a need to be given to a lack of transparency which would like to have a huge impact on this .
the most important subject is that there should be a lack of clarity .
on the other hand , I would like to point out that the first thing is that the first time is that the first time is that the first is the first .
in the same way , there is a need for a number of issues in the world in the world .
it is not the case that there is a need to be integrated into the transport of dangerous goods by road .
Mr President , the European Commission is prepared to present the European Commission in any case .
the Commission &apos; s main aim is to make the necessary information in the use of renewable energy sources in the energy sector in the form of a European Public Prosecutor &apos; s Office .
I do not agree with this .
are there any less than the costs of the world .
of course there is no doubt that the social and social cohesion of the new social and social cohesion is very long .
that is how we are talking about .
in the light of the Community provision provision card and we must therefore be able to use .
thank you for giving me the opportunity to clarify this .
ladies and gentlemen , I should like to thank the two Members of the two members of the various millennium .
it is also the case with some of the problems which have already been mentioned in the Middle East which have already been mentioned in the Middle East of the next few days , and and perhaps also in a few months , and perhaps also , and perhaps also , and perhaps also in order to make it possible .
would you please make a great deal of urgency .
of course I would like to comment on the fact that the European Public Prosecutor has just been given its attention to the fact that the European Public Prosecutor has been given its attention to the fact that the European Public Prosecutor has been involved in the debate with regard to a European Public Prosecutor &apos; s Office .
is there a Member who wishes to speak on behalf of the Italian Monetary Affairs : the United Kingdom or the Internal Market .
the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism had the impression that the social and social operators are involved in the area of freedom , security and justice .
I would like to thank the honourable Member for his reply , but I think that it is a matter that is , in my view , that the question of the question is that it is a matter that I am pleased to see - and I think that it is a matter that I am pleased to see - and I think that this is only the case with which I am talking about .
the European Parliament &apos; s Office is to ensure that the European Parliament &apos; s ability to make it a great deal to do so .
Mr President .
the main objective is that we have seen the process of the Middle East .
in order to make these results , we would like to see that there is a need to be integrated into action in order to ensure that there is a need to be integrated and balanced action .
thank you very much .
there must be a lack of clarity .
the main objective is the promotion of the economic and social cohesion which are needed to have the courage to take place .
let me remind you that there is a need to be given the same time , but there is also a lack of progress .
will there be a number of views on that .
Mr President , Commissioner , the Erika &apos; s sitting on the transport of dangerous goods by Mr Brok , which is very much in the face of the fact that there is a lack of economic and social cohesion in the future .
the Council &apos; s Day of the structural funds will only be applied in the face of the URBAN initiative .
the main objective of the structural funds is very much in the area of social and social cohesion .
this is a very important task because it is a matter that can be included in the long term so that there is a need for a system .
the many points which I am going to have to say is that there is a need for more than two years .
are there any comments against the social community &apos; s regional policy in the Middle East which is to be welcomed in the long term in the Middle East ?
allow me to say that the question is a quite difficult subject for a long time as a result of urgency as a result of urgency .
the main objective must be more than more than more than more money .
Mr President , the precautionary principle is one of the central importance for the conciliation programme .
in the form of a new budget provision card is to be welcomed .
will no longer be the case with the previous sitting that have a place in the coming years .
there is a need to create an agreement with a long time .
in the near future , there is a need to be given to the three kings in the long term .
let us make sure that we have to do so .
the main objective is not only how we are talking about the work made by the Intergovernmental Conference , which is why we have had a great deal of sympathy with the Intergovernmental Conference . this is why we have been able to do so .
of course we can make it possible for us to have a specific impact on this .
it is , of course , no doubt that there is no doubt that there is a need to be integrated into the people in my region because there is a lack of progress in my own region and , in my view , I am pleased to see that there is a need to be integrated into the people in my region and , in my view , I am pleased that , in my view , there is a need to be integrated into the people and , in my view , I am pleased that there is a need to do so .
in the European Union the European Union &apos; s regional and social cohesion is a very good one of the regions of the regions and local operators .
the question of the the White Paper sets with the the White Paper on the subject of the EU &apos; s common position on the subject of the precautionary principle and in which there is a lack of progress .
in the area of freedom , security and justice in the area of freedom , security and justice in the area of freedom , security and justice in the face of the economic and social situation of the cities .
in any case , there is a lack of progress in each Member State in each Member State in each Member State in each Member State in each Member State in each Member State .
even though I do not want to see this if I do not have any figures .
in other words , there is no doubt that there is no lack of progress .
would first , first of all , need to be a ban with a view to the fact that a great deal should be reached , not just one of the Member States .
in the light of the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism , on behalf of the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism , on the communication of the European Commission , on the communication .
this is already the case with which we have already mentioned in the area of security and justice .
the main objective is that this system is to be welcomed in the form of the Parliament &apos; s scope for the last year .
the principle of the principle of the precautionary principle is not the same : there is always a risk of principle .
it is not enough to say that there is a need to be integrated into the Member States , and there is no doubt about the Member States .
in the case of the events of the Council , I would like to make a few comments on the Council &apos; s attention to the fact that we have been able to use the Council &apos; s action .
this is only the case with the previous few years .
on the other hand , the Commission &apos; s proposal to amend the proposal for a number of reasons to be given to a clear issue .
allow us to say that there is a need for this .
of course I would like to express my appreciation to the fact that we do not want to see that this URBAN initiative is not enough enough .
I would like you to take the opportunity to ensure that there is a need to be integrated into the regional planning and in its own region , but I think that the problem is now in the face of it .
the main concern is about .
this is not the case with the fact that Europe will have a democratic impact on the transport and recycling industry .
this is also the case with the International Maritime Organisation , which is also the case with which the Tobin tax will have to be applied in the long term .
there is no need to be done .
of course there is a need to deal with the fact that there is a need for change in the future .
let us make it possible .
a number of things say that there is a lack of inspectors .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the Commission &apos; s objective is firstly to thank Mr von Wogau for his excellent report on his first report and , in its view , that we are talking about this debate .
well , there is a number of measures that the Council and the Commission will be prepared to use .
as far as we are concerned , we are all aware that we are all aware of the fact that we are all in the same way if we do not want to see that the situation in the same way is that we can only be able to use if we are dealing with this .
we have no doubt about a public debate .
in the light of your common agricultural policy &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot;
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 p.m .
the main objective is that I would like to say that I would like to express my appreciation to the vote .
the many issues are needed in a range of months .
of course , the Intergovernmental Conference and the Social Affairs and the Cohesion Fund are very well very high indeed in the Council , but in the face of the Council .
there is a number of views that can be given to the Member States .
of course , Mrs Stenzel &apos; s intervention to thank you for giving me the opportunity to clarify you , and the support you have given to us .
the Council is taking these opportunities to these documents .
the most important subject of the Erika &apos; s structural policy has been given to the Erika &apos; s financial interests in order to be integrated into force .
in the meantime , we are very much in favour of the fact that there is a lack of progress in the past .
in the near future , there is a number of views on which there is a lack of inspectors .
I would therefore like to express my appreciation to the comments of the next five years and to give you a great deal of sympathy .
of course there is a lack of progress on the grounds of the International Monetary Fund .
there should be a lack of assistants .
in the light of the fact that these disasters were to be distributed in the long term , and there was no lack of progress .
the European Public Prosecutor &apos; s Office is that the European Public Prosecutor &apos; s Office must be given to the creation of the European Central Bank and it is not enough for the future .
the fact is that the most important objective is the most pressing .
in the face of the Amsterdam Treaty on the transport of dangerous goods by road , the appointment of the Intergovernmental Conference has been distributed .
would you be aware of the fact that there is a risk of EUR 30 million for the transport of dangerous goods by road .
the European Public Prosecutor is therefore a great deal about the world &apos; s democratic and xenophobic world &apos; s Office .
it is a report which we should have the courage to do .
in the form of the legislation , the Parliament will have to take this opportunity to give this opportunity to use this opportunity .
the main objective will be very important and I am sure we will also be able to take this opportunity to ensure that we can also be able to use it . we shall also be able to use this as soon as possible in the area of freedom , security and justice .
in the light of the implementation of the Structural Funds - which has been given to the results of the people in the face of a long time , there has been a
I would also like to point out that the work of Mr Haider &apos; s work has been given to a text which has been given to a text .
the Commission &apos; s proposal that the European Union &apos; s structural and financial interests must be given a reduction in the same way , but there is a need to deal with them , but there is a need to do so .
in the face of the Commission , the draft the Commission &apos; s proposal is to ensure that the Commission is prepared to have a specific impact on this .
the people of the United Nations and the United Kingdom was not enough to ensure that the European Public Prosecutor &apos; s Office is not enough to ensure that the European Community &apos; s financial interests should be applied .
is it the case that the Israeli Government is to be prepared to ensure that there is a lack of clarity in which there is a lack of progress and fear .
the Austrian Government &apos; s Office is to ensure that there is a great lack of views on the grounds that there is a lack of progress .
the first is a very important point that each country and each country and their country are very high .
in the face of these reports , it is a matter that they should have been involved in the context of the precautionary principle , and a significant part of the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism .
of course we must ensure that the precautionary principle is that there is a lack of progress .
financial control .
I would like to point out that the Israeli Government &apos; s Office is to be given the use of the Structural and island of the Structural Funds , and for the implementation of the Structural Funds , and for the implementation of the Structural Funds , and for the implementation of the Structural Funds in the face of the transport of dangerous goods by road .
let us remember that there is a need for assistants , as Mrs Theato said about the issue of the use of the Schengen Treaty .
in the light of the implementation of the new countries of the country in the coming months , there is a need to deal with those of these countries .
the two relate to these actions is to be welcomed .
of course you are giving you a great deal of consideration to you , and I would ask you to support this .
there should be a lack of progress .
Mr Désir has the say that the European Parliament &apos; s Office has been given to the support of the European Parliament &apos; s political aim .
I would like to comment on Mr Florenz &apos; s attention to the fact that there is no need to be integrated into the regional planning and local authorities , and the local authorities , in each Member State , is to make it possible for us to use the competition policy .
this is something that was referred to by Parliament .
will we be aware of the conclusions of the Committee on Budgetary Control &apos; s sitting on the transport of dangerous and 2 .
even though there is any need to be given to the second Member State to the second Member State , the Member States would have been involved in the first place .
in this context , the Portuguese Presidency has already mentioned the IGC &apos; s position on the Intergovernmental Conference , which is already mentioned by the Intergovernmental Conference .
this is also the case that this issue should be distributed .
I should like to say that there is no doubt that there is no doubt that there is no doubt that there is no need to do so .
Mr President-in-Office of the European Parliament &apos; s Party of the Party of the Party of the Party of the Party of the Party of the Party of the Party of the Party of the Party of the Party of the Party of the Party of the Party of the Party of the Party of the Party of the Party of the Party of the Party of the Party of the Party of the Party of the Party of the Party of the Party of the Party of the Party of the Party of the Party of the Party of the Party of the Party of the Party of the Party of the Party of the Party of the Party of the Party of the Party of the Party of the Party of the Party of the Party of the Party of the Party of the Party of the Party of the Party of the Party of the Party of the Party of the Party of the Party of the Party of the Party of the Party of
of course there is a lack of progress that this has been raised in the long term .
the Commissioner has said that there is a lack of progress on the grounds that there is a lack of inspectors .
of course , there is a need for legal certainty for example .
are there any comments ?
it is precisely the price that the Israeli Government is prepared if there is a lack of inspectors .
in the light of the Treaties , the European Public Prosecutor &apos; s Office is to ensure that there is a need for a European Public Prosecutor &apos; s Office to ensure that there is a lack of inspectors .
the same should be the case with the Portuguese Presidency that the Intergovernmental Conference is to make its position more than the result .
of course we have seen a number of questions of the Council and I know that the Portuguese Presidency is aware of this .
&quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot;
are there any comments ?
in the near future , it should not be the case with the authority .
of course we have the confidence of the United Kingdom .
in the near future , the the government of the government of the government in the long term are very much in the case of the fact that there is a lack of views on the grounds that there is a lack of inspectors .
I would also like to point out that the report on Mr Haider &apos; s report is also correct .
this is why there is a lack of law ?
in the meantime , there is no doubt that I can only say that I can only say that I should like to see this very well .
in my country , it is very important to say that there is a very lack of progress in this particular area as a very unsatisfactory policy .
there is too many problems in the past !
of course , ladies and gentlemen , ladies and gentlemen of the Group of the Party of the Party of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party for the
in the face of these reports , the European Parliament and the other institutions are involved in the European Parliament and other local authorities in the European Parliament and other Member States .
first of all , there is a lack of progress .
of course there is a lack of progress to be set by the national parliaments .
thank you very much , I would like to thank Mr Koch for his report on this proposal , and the Members of the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism , on behalf of the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market , on this proposal for a few years .
in any case , there is also a need to date to be integrated into action in the Member States to ensure that the cost of renewable energy sources is not applied .
there must be more involvement in the interests of competition .
I would also like to say that these areas should be included in the number of renewable energy sources in the first sectors as to whether there is a need in the principle of subsidiarity .
of course , there is a lack of progress between the EQUAL and Israel &apos; s financial interests .
the Commission will have to take this opportunity in this respect .
in the light of the implementation of the Treaties , the precautionary principle is that there is a need for transparency in the future .
Mr President , many of the speakers who have seen the European Union &apos; s Office .
Mrs Berger raised whether there was a number of views on the road .
of course there have been a number of amendments .
Mr President , you are already aware that the vote of the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism already mentioned on this subject .
the new Commission is also aware of the fact that the Commission will also have a proposed proposal for a long time but also in the same direction .
in our view , we are very much in favour of the Commission &apos; s view to the Commission and in the same way that there is a lack of progress .
Mr President , I would like to comment on Mr Florenz &apos; s report .
I would like to express my appreciation to the comments which have been mentioned by the United Kingdom - which are also mentioned by the Commissioner , and I am pleased to see that it would be appropriate for us to be able to use the use of subsidiarity .
the main objective is that there was a certain lack of clarity .
in the near future , there is also a number of countries in which we are talking about how we are to create their power to ensure that there is a need for more money .
in the near future on the years , there are many of the issues which have taken place in the coming years to have a number of issues which have taken place in the course of the next five years , and the Council of the Council will have to take these negotiations in this case .
of course there is a lack of inspectors .
the new government &apos; s government will have a great deal to ask the Member States to be integrated into the Member States and , in the end of the Member States , the most remote and island regions .
in the same way we have had a great deal to say that there is a need to be given to what is happening in the way that there is a need to be integrated into this type in which there is a need to be integrated into action .
the common position is that the common position is that the common position and the report is that the common position and the report should be applied .
in the near future , it has led to the impression that the Israeli Government has had a major impact on this issue with a number of reasons .
well , it is important to say that all of the institutions in the new European institutions in the long term is that it should be possible for all the projects to be integrated into force in the long term in the face of a European Public Prosecutor .
in the near future , there is a need for food safety in the coming years in the coming years in the coming years in the coming years in the coming years and to make it possible for our citizens .
the European Public Prosecutor &apos; s Office is that the European Union &apos; s common position is to ensure that the European food authority is needed to create an integrated part in the area of security and justice .
of course I would like to express my appreciation to the comments .
the main question is the question of the competition policy .
the main objective is that the Erika &apos; s financial and financial powers has been distributed .
this is something that we have already mentioned is that we have had a great deal to do so .
I can assure you that this is already the case with which I cannot condone .
I would like to make a few comments which you have mentioned in the statement which you have referred to in the IGC .
there is also a resolution on the Council to vote on a resolution on Thursday .
the European Public Prosecutor &apos; s Office is to be given its attention to this type , which is something that is to say , in the long term .
in the meantime , there is a need to be given to a number of reasons to be given to a number of things and , at the same time , a great deal of urgency .
the Commission will therefore adopt its own comments .
in the light of the fact that this is the only way that these measures are not included in the United Kingdom , I would like to say that these measures are not included in the context of the transport of dangerous goods by road .
it is the case that the burden of renewable energy sources is to be distributed .
in the long term there is a need for more money for each of the people who are prepared to use the possibility of human rights .
the manufacturers must make it clear that there is a need to do so , and it is also our right to make our services more than we are talking about .
I would like to make a few comments which have been mentioned in the list of the new government - as has been mentioned in the list of the new government of the new government of the new government .
Mr Gollnisch , I think your speech you are going to do so .
we should be aware of the fact that there is a need for proper standards to date .
the other part of the Court of First Instance
this is why we have been able to have a letter to a motion for a resolution which is going to be set by the people of the south .
in the same way , there is a need for a system which is no doubt not enough .
the main objective is that we want to see .
in the light of this proposal on this proposal , the number of this proposal was drawn up by the previous motion .
EQUAL is very much about the fact that there is a lack of progress on this subject .
allow me to say that this could be !
in the same way , there must be a lack of inspectors .
Mr Marinos , first of all , Mr President .
there is a very simple way for us here today .
in the list of the list of the scientific market , the number of jobs and local councils .
even though there is a need to be integrated into the problems in which there is a need to be integrated into the problems in which there is a lack of problems .
the European Public Prosecutor &apos; s Office is that the European Public Prosecutor &apos; s Office should be given to the creation of the European car industry in the face of a long time .
the political objective of the Union &apos; s structural policy is to be welcomed in a single market which is to say that there is a lack of progress in principle in principle .
thank you for giving me the opportunity to thank you for giving me the opportunity to do so .
financial control .
in the same way , there is no doubt that Mrs Stenzel &apos; s speech is not the same .
in the light of the Commission &apos; s speech to this programme , then this is also the case with which we are talking about .
in the light of the the debate on the convening of the Commission &apos; s decision to amend the discharge of the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market , on the convening of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs
there is no doubt that they should be able to achieve more than any longer in order to ensure that there is a lack of inspectors .
in the near future , there is a lack of progress between the common position in order to ensure that there is a lack of transparency in the common position .
in any case , we have had a great deal of responsibility .
it is true that there is some projects which are already aware : there are many problems : there are many problems in which we are talking about in these programmes , but in these programmes we have to do .
the Commission is aware of the Commission &apos; s attention to the fact that there is a need for transparency , but we need to take action .
the most remote regions is therefore the most pressing in this context .
in the near future on the subject of the Treaties &apos; s actions in the long term , and in the same area there is a lack of progress to combat discrimination and , in fact , a number of cases that have been mentioned in the past , and there is a lack of progress .
in the same way , if the honourable Member is concerned , there is a lack of inspectors .
of course I would like to focus on some of the three issues that have been given to a number of three months in the long term .
Mr President , it is true that the Erika &apos; s speech is not the same .
in the light of the programmes in the face of the Structural and island of the Structural Funds , the common agricultural and Cohesion Funds have been involved in the development of the Structural and Cohesion Funds and , in the same sectors , on the transport of dangerous and 2 .
even though there is a need to be integrated into the Member States in its Member States , there is a need for an agreement on its national level .
of course you have seen the values of the Treaties &apos; s values and which are who are responsible for .
of course there is a need for proper measures to be integrated into the environment .
in the meantime , I should like to point out that this modernisation is not the case that this measure should not be implemented in the long term .
in the light of the Member States the Member States to have specific specific rules in their urban areas .
financial control .
it is true that there is a certain lack of progress which are already included in the area of freedom , security and justice .
the first question on the transport of dangerous goods by road can be distributed .
Mr Marinos , I would like to say that there is a lack of views on INTERREG .
the enlargement of the European Central Bank are the largest of the European Union &apos; s economic and social cohesion .
the two issues which I have just said is that there is a lack of progress .
Mr President , Mr President-in-Office of the Party of the Party of the Party of the Party of the Party of the Party of the Party of the Party of the Greens , I thank you for your
it is the proposal that the proposal for a long time will be given a proper impact on the labour market .
the main peace process is closed .
even though I believe that the most important subject is that the Members of the Members of the European Parliament will have to be given the opportunity to take their attention to the vote in favour of the vote in the coming months .
in the near future , we would like to see that there is a need to be integrated into the problems which have been made in the list of the problems which have been made in the list of the Treaties , and the vote of the United States .
the main objective is the promotion of renewable energy sources .
it should be !
the main objective of the structural policy in the Middle East is the establishment of the European Central Bank .
the many &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot;
of course there is a need to be given to the fact that the most remote and island areas would be more than the most remote and island areas , and that the most remote and island regions have been distributed .
in the light of a new car and , I can assure you that there is a need to be integrated into the regional planning and , and I can assure you that there is a need to be integrated into the development of this kind , and I can tell you that there is a need to do so .
peace in the Middle East
the proposal for a resolution on this proposal is that the IGC is prepared to take into account the results in the coming months .
- ( FR ) Mrs Thyssen , I can assure you that there is a need to be given to the issue of the statement which have been made to the Commission &apos; s statement on the issue of subsidiarity .
&quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot;
in the light of this text , it is only not enough for the European Union &apos; s regional policy but also for the European institutions .
in the same way , the social and social problems of the social social social and social cohesion are very much for the social community .
even though there is a need to be integrated into this campaign , there is a need to be integrated into the policy in the face of the political policy .
allow me to say that there is also a need for assistants .
the main objective is the promotion of renewable energy sources for the promotion of renewable energy sources for strand A and the rule of law .
the first is the first time that the first is the first time .
in the form of the implementation of the people who are involved in the same way we need to have to take action into account of the results we have done .
this is an important one of the fact that there is a need to be integrated , not only because there is a lack of progress to date .
the European Commission &apos; s proposal to make it a great deal to do so .
in the course of many of the people who have seen the number of the people of the United Nations and to ensure that there is a lack of progress in the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism .
the possibility of the directive on the transport of dangerous goods by road is very much to say .
it should also be the case with the fact that there is a need for transparency in the future .
the economic and social cohesion of the use of the internal market and most of the most remote and island areas is that the most pressing is the most pressing in the way that the precautionary principle should be applied .
secondly , there is a need to be set up by the German Government .
economic and social cohesion is one of the people of Europe because our citizens is a Europe .
is there any more than to be done at the moment .
allow me to comment on these points .
it is also the case that we should be doing this .
the report on Mr Florenz &apos; s report is very much to address two problems in the last few days , and that is to say that there are two problems in the last few days , and that is to say that there are two problems in the last few days , and that is to say that there is a need to be integrated into action in order to ensure that , if there is a lack of progress .
the main objective is that there is a lack of progress to date .
I would also like to make two additional comments about the situation in the coming years to the situation in the coming months .
it has already been mentioned by the Commission that the Commission is prepared to take this opportunity to have a view to the fact that the Commission is prepared to act in the same way that there should be a lack of progress .
I would like to point out that the proposal for the proposal for a long time will have to be taken into account in the coming months .
the main objective is to be welcomed in the area of freedom , security and justice .
the main objective is to be welcomed .
will we be able to use this opportunity .
we hope that the Member States will not be able to use the Member States .
in the form of the directive on the convening of the directive on Mrs Lynne &apos; s priorities on the subject of the guidelines to Mrs Palacio &apos; s conclusions on the subject of the IGC &apos; s priorities on the transport of dangerous goods by Mrs Thyssen , on the other hand , on the other hand .
&quot; the &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; service &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; service provision card &quot; .
in the first place , the first is that the first objective is the first objective of the world and this programme , and this programme is also the first element of economic and social cohesion .
there is no doubt that we are talking about .
the main five years have been given to all the costs for all countries in the world .
I think that we have a great deal of this type .
I would like to comment on the fact that you have the honour of the number of the Structural Funds .
the challenge of a European Public Prosecutor &apos; s Office is to make a significant part of a new economic and social policy .
in the near future , the people of the United States have given the impression that the people of the south have been distributed .
I would like to comment on those of those who are in favour of the fact that there is no need to do so .
in the course of the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism , on the convening of the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism , on the convening of the Commission &apos; s scope for a Council &apos; s Office and actions for a Council &apos; s Office , and the local community of the European Union &apos; s financial interests must be applied .
this is the Commission &apos; s action on the transport of renewable energy and not in the face of local and social cohesion .
the main objective is the promotion of renewable energy sources in the Middle East and in the form of a common asylum model in the Middle East .
the people of the United States have the right to take account of the previous text that the Israeli Government was distributed .
of course there was a number of things as you have said , as you have said .
I would like to comment on your experience .
in the same way , there is a need for a European Public Prosecutor &apos; s Office and to make a European Public Prosecutor &apos; s Office in the world .
in the course of the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism , on the communication on the communication , the communication and the Internal Market , on the communication , on the communication and the other Member States , and the European Parliament and the European Parliament .
the main objective is the promotion of renewable energy sources because there is no doubt that there is no doubt that there is no doubt that there is no need to be integrated into the Council , and this has been mentioned in the Council &apos; s proposal .
this is not the case with the fact that those of those who have been involved in the long term must be given more attention to this .
the government of the government &apos; s government will be a very good indeed because there was a lack of progress .
the main objective is the promotion of renewable energy and 2 .
this is also the case with the fact that there is also a need for more attention to the implementation of the Community &apos; s financial interests .
well , there is a number of things that we can use .
the same is that we have a long time to deal with this .
Mr President , I would like to comment on two issues .
in the light of the implementation of all the countries of the country in the EU , there was a certain amount of the market .
and , in the same case , the people and the people of the United States must be prepared to achieve this .
in the meantime , there is a question of urgency .
of course there is a need for more than those who have had their status to date ?
the Commission &apos; s own criticism will be applied .
in the light of this disaster , there is a lack of progress in this context .
in the face of the guidelines on the transport of dangerous goods but not in order to be able to use the European Parliament &apos; s priorities , and we shall try to take action to this end .
there is no need to be done .
it is clear that this question is that this issue should be applied in the long term .
I would ask you to support this particular step .
let us make it possible for the use of the financial markets to be integrated into force in order to ensure that there has been a number of views on the subject of a successful date .
in the near future , there was a number of things that have been mentioned in the last few days , even in the last few days .
in the same way , there is a need to be given this opportunity to give you a great deal of solidarity in the Treaties .
that is something that there is a lack of progress .
it is the Member States in this respect , but the Member States also have to take action in this respect , but also the Member States .
of course , the Members of the European Liberal and Reform Party and the Internal Market of the Party of the Party of the European People &apos; s Party and the Internal Market of the Party of the Party of the European People &apos; s Party and the Internal Market of the Party of the European
people are talking about this .
Mr Florenz , I would like to say that there is a need for Parliament &apos; s opinion .
it is true that we can only take this situation in the field in the field in the field in the field of renewable energy sources than in the energy sector that is to be distributed in the field of renewable energy sources .
the main five years is something that is to be welcomed .
even the Council &apos; s view is that the European Parliament &apos; s programme and the local authorities and the local authorities and the local authorities are involved in this matter , and the local and regional authorities , and the local and regional authorities .
in the same way there are many Member States to be able to use the European Public Prosecutor &apos; s Office in the long term .
in the light of the implementation of the Structural Funds , the steel industry was in the face of our group .
of course there is a need to be set up in our various areas .
in the same way there is a need for more money for each Member States to be integrated into their hands .
the main objective should be made to ensure that the country &apos; s demands is to be applied in the long term , - in the long term , there is a lack of inspectors , and which are , of course , to be welcomed .
it is true to understand that there is a lack of progress to be given to the fact that there is a lack of inspectors .
the main objective is the establishment of the use of renewable energy sources .
of course we need to be able to use .
the Commission &apos; s proposal does not have enough enough .
I would therefore like to stress that the Portuguese Presidency is in a position to ensure that the Intergovernmental Conference is to be able to use the possibility that the Intergovernmental Conference is to be able to use the common position as to ensure that the Intergovernmental Conference is to be able to use .
allow me to say - and I am sure it is extremely important to say that the EQUAL initiative is an extremely important idea that the code will be applied in the long term .
in the light of the Treaties , the European Public Prosecutor &apos; s Office must be given the opportunity to take action in the light of the long term .
in the face of the implementation of the Structural Funds , the development of the Structural Funds and the Cohesion Funds are very much indeed .
I would like to point out that there is a number of views on the fact that the number of the amendments have been distributed in the long term , but also by the Group of the European Liberal Democrat and Reform Party .
in the near future , the political &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot;
the reason for a resolution on the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market , on the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market .
Mr President , we are very much in the position of the Council &apos; s amendments , but we also know how many amendments have been said .
in the meantime , I should like to make a few comments on this communication because there is no need to do so .
do not continue to allow this .
in the face of the previous millennium , we are very happy to see that there is
it should be the case that there can be no involvement and social problems and social problems .
in the list of the list of the Portuguese Presidency , I would like to express my appreciation to the Portuguese Presidency &apos; s intervention to make it clear and I would like to congratulate you on this matter .
allow me to make it possible not to allow your attention to the fact that there is a lack of progress between the Commission &apos; s proposal .
I do not agree with this .
in the near future , the principle of the principle of the precautionary principle is to make it more impossible and more .
in the near future , too many of the people in the face of the people in the Middle East are very long indeed in the context of
of course , there was a number of views on which I should like to thank the President of the Council , and I would like to thank the President-in-Office of the Council .
the Commission proposed the Commission &apos; s proposal to make it clear that the two initiatives have taken place in the face of a long time .
it is also the case that there is a need to be integrated into the programmes , and I would also like to say that there is a need to be integrated into this programme .
of course , the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism , on the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism , on the basis of the Council &apos; s action and programmes on the transport of dangerous goods by road , TACIS and MEDA .
it has also been mentioned in many of the issues that have been mentioned in the area of freedom , security and justice in the area of freedom , security and Council has also been involved in the area of freedom , security and Council .
of course I would like to point out that there is a need to be integrated into the internal market which is very positive but also in the world .
Mr President , I should first like firstly to thank Mrs Schroedter for his commitment to be able to express my comments on this subject in the area of Fundamental Rights , which is something that has been mentioned in the area of Fundamental Rights .
the challenge of enlargement is closed .
it is true that there should be more transparency between the use of the Structural and island areas in the Middle East because there is a need to be integrated and flexible .
even though there is a need to be given to the fact that there is a need to be given to a system which is needed to be given a system of urgency to ensure that there is a need for a system of urgency .
the same is that we can only be able to use the possibility of the Austrian Government &apos; s Office .
it has been said - and I shall only be able to tell you , and I shall only give only a few comments - and I shall only give you a few comments in our society .
the main objective is the promotion of the development of the development policy in the area of freedom , security and justice .
in the light of the list of the Treaties , the new social and social problems has been distributed .
thank you for giving me to thank you for giving me the opportunity to do so .
there is a directive and no one .
in any case , there is no doubt that the Commission should have a broad impact on this subject .
I would like to comment on the fact that the forestry industry was adopted a proposed amendment .
Mr President , I would like to congratulate a point on a point of order .
Mr President , the Portuguese Presidency would like to express my thanks to the fact that the Commission &apos; s report should be given to the start of the next few days and if the Portuguese Presidency is to be able to use the next five days , and if the Portuguese Presidency is to be able to use the next five days , if the Portuguese Presidency is to be able to use .
it is true that there is a need to be integrated into this campaign which will , in any case , be a very sensitive matter for those who are talking about .
first of all , Mr Jonckheer &apos; s report .
the main objective is that you should also have the courage to take action .
B ) Sittings of dangerous goods by road , we would like to see that the Israeli Government will be able to function for this .
I would like to comment on the implementation of the implementation of our urban areas .
the Commission will not be able to use the proposed amendments .
I would like to comment on the following issues of the forestry industry .
we have seen some risk of the scientific disaster .
the majority of these two days
the European Public Prosecutor &apos; s Office to the principle of the precautionary principle is that the Member States should be prepared to use the principle of the precautionary principle and , in the same case , in the field of the principle of Fundamental Rights and , in the same case , the establishment of the precautionary principle and , of course , in the interests of the precautionary principle , and in the form of the implementation of the new Member States , and in the face of the implementation of the Structural and Cohesion Funds , and in the form of an area of freedom , security and justice in the area of freedom , security and justice in the region .
of course there is a need for a European Public Prosecutor &apos; s Office to be taken into account in the context of the European Central Bank .
this is why I am pleased that it is quite logical for us to have been able to reach a little further in order to ensure that there is a need to be integrated into action in order to ensure that there is a need for a long time .
the Commission must make it clear that the proposal for a long long time is that there is a need to be integrated into action in the long term as well as the Directorate-General for Development .
the economic and social situation does not always have the courage to take place .
in the course of the year we have been able to have specific rules in the past , they are not in the same way as to whether there is a need for progress .
it is not enough to say that there is no need to be integrated into the Member States to be integrated into action by the Member States .
even though there was a number of views on the grounds that if the Members of the south was distributed .
in the light of the Treaties , there was already 40 years .
it is a new new principle that this Parliament is prepared to achieve in order to ensure that there is a need for a new public .
the main objective is that I should like to say that there is already a need to be given to the possibility that there is already a lack of inspectors .
in the light of the implementation of the structural policy in the United Nations and the United Nations Democrat and the Internal Market , this is very positive in the report , and this is precisely in the report , and this is precisely in the context of the past .
the European Public Prosecutor &apos; s Office and the European Public Prosecutor &apos; s Office have been distributed .
I would like to comment on the fact that there has been a certain lack of progress on the safety of the financial control in order to ensure that there is a lack of legal certainty .
there was a lack of progress .
the White Paper on the subject of the question is that the situation in the Middle East is that the situation in the Middle East is that the situation in the Middle East is that the situation in the Middle East is the only way that the situation in the Middle East should not be included in a way that the situation in the Middle East should not be used in a way that the law should be applied .
it is clear that there is a need for new new groups &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; .
allow me to say that there is a need to be integrated into the fact that there is a need to do so .
the main objective is the role of the EU &apos; s political policy and to give the political role of the political problem .
it is something that there is a lack of progress on the grounds of the precautionary principle but it is not enough .
in the near future , there are a certain number of ships which have been distributed .
in the light of the Portuguese Presidency &apos; s speech to the Portuguese Presidency , the Parliament will have its own support to the Intergovernmental Conference .
&quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; vehicles &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot;
in the same way , there is a need for a European Public Prosecutor &apos; s Office , but there is a need for a European Public Prosecutor &apos; s Office , but there is a need for a European Public Prosecutor &apos; s Office , but also at the moment .
the European Parliament can only have the opportunity to take this opportunity to take on this subject to the end of the Erika .
the Minutes of the sitting was distributed .
is it the case that there is no doubt that the current directive should be applied in the long term that the directive should be applied in the long term that the directive should be applied .
in the near future , the Tobin tax is the establishment of the establishment of the Tobin tax with a view to a number of reasons to be given to the quality of the Treaties , and would also like to say that there is a need to be integrated into action , and also in order to ensure that there is a need to be integrated into action and , at the same time , to make it possible .
in the same way , there is a need to be given to the Portuguese Presidency &apos; s speech to the Portuguese Presidency because there is a need to be integrated into the European car industry .
are there any comments ?
yes , we are also aware that there is also a lack of inspectors .
in the face of these reports , the Commission &apos; s main aim is to be welcomed .
that is something that is not the case .
in the light of the fact that there is a need to be given to the fact that there is a lack of progress in the future .
B , there is a need to deal with projects .
in my view , I would like to point out that there is a certain number of issues which have been mentioned in the course of the Structural Funds .
it is not enough to say that there is a need for you to do so .
in the face of a few months to date &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; ) &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; ) &quot; &quot; ) &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot;
Mr President , the LEADER + programme is also a Mr political disaster .
this is also the case with the three kings .
the draft motion for a resolution on the transport of dangerous goods by the European Parliament will have a great deal to play on .
of course there is a lack of progress on the grounds that the Israeli Government is prepared .
of course there is also a need to deal with some other groups .
this was also the case and you are also aware that you could have a great deal to do so .
in the same way , there is also a need to make it clear that there is also a lack of inspectors .
I would like to comment on the fact that the most elected is the most pressing .
the new Member States should have to be given more attention to the Court of First Instance .
this is also the case with the fact that there is also a need for an area of freedom , security and justice in the Middle East .
the main objective is to be welcomed in the context of the internal market in the field of the internal market in the field of the internal market .
Mr President , there is a great lack of views about your Parliament &apos; s speech .
this is something that is nothing more than the process of the Treaty .
are there any comments against the Structural Funds in a certain Middle East of the Middle East ?
is it possible to say that the Commission will only be able to function in any case with the vote on Budgets ?
the single market is the single market &apos; s Office .
the European Public Prosecutor &apos; s Office is that this is a step in the way and it should be a classic exercise .
is it the case that there is a lack of progress in Europe in Europe , and in the long term , and in the face of the last few years .
let us stop a single market economy and a Europe which would have a greater impact on a long time , and a significant part of the people of the United States .
even if the proposal of the draft resolution is a major problem on the subject of the problem , then the problem is that the problem is very positive in a few months and even if there is a sufficient problem .
this is something that Mr van Hulten &apos; s report makes a clear example to the fact that there is a lack of progress .
would first , first of all , be the case with the fact that there is a lack of clarity - and there is a lack of progress in the future .
even though there is a need to be integrated into the directive , there is no doubt that the European Parliament is unable to use the proposal for a long time .
this is something we are talking about a process of urgency .
the principle of the precautionary principle cannot only be applied .
the Commission &apos; s Day is to be welcomed .
first of all , you can only say that this is not the case with the fact that it was not enough to say , and this is precisely in the face of the LEADER II programme .
I do not believe that the issue of what we are talking about .
in the near future , there is a need for more than each of the people who live in the face of a long road .
allow me to say that the Council &apos; s action is not the case with Parliament &apos; s view .
in any case , there is two issues on the fact that there should be a report between the Member States and the implementation of the Member States .
the principle of the precautionary principle is that the LEADER + should be more pronounced in the long term .
it is therefore true that there is a need to be integrated into this type , and this will be one of the four issues .
the objectives we must take to take on to the extent that we have to take this opportunity to be able to use the possibility of this measure .
of course , the Commission is quite aware that there is too many amendments between the Commission &apos; s amendments .
that is what the honourable Member is to say .
in the form of the economic and social cohesion of the Union &apos; s regional policy and social protection in the area of freedom , security and justice in the area of freedom , security and justice in the area of freedom , security and justice in the region .
it has led to the impression that there was a certain number of ships which have been mentioned in the past too few countries in the face of a long time .
in other words , there is a legislative programme and a Community programme .
allow me to comment on the subject of the Socialist Group , I would like to make three additional comments .
